victims Adygea Karachay step llamo a
very - Barda Resaca De La Strada Chef
Cora Cannella de Karina : the root dinky
real farm
hey how do you know this this
competition today I know this
competition because my business partner
Teddy with fitness authority and the
Leveroni Signature Series he's invited
me to come over here to launch the lavro
new signature line which is here today
and I came over to show my support to
all the fans all the competitors and my
business partners Eddie for promoting
his first time this fit festival so I'm
looking forward to coming back next year
and watching this show grow and I think
it's just a beautiful started a few
words about competition about a forum I
think all the competitors are in great
great form you know I remember when I
was an amateur you know I had to have a
starting point you know these guys it
takes a lot of courage to walk out on
stage for the first time and you have
first-time athletes here then you have
some guys also here that are seasoned so
you know for these guys that we just
gave trophies to a lot of these guys
that's their first time walking on stage
so you know you have to commend that you
know it takes a lot of a lot of a lot of
strength takes a lot of discouraged to
walk out there remember my first show
and now you know these guys have walked
it out on stage there's like four or
five thousand people here you know it's
the shows have grown so much nowadays
compared to when I was competing as an
amateur is probably about two or three
hundred people in the audience